+++
title="Demon Lord of Isolation"
date=2021-01-13

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Stories"]
tags = ["101 Demon Lords", "drabbles"]
[extra]
comments = true
+++

Silence was the first thing Ophius knew and it was the only thing she knew for
so long. Moving forward, turning right, spun to the back, or glance to the left
nothing was in sight or hearing to Ophius in that dark place. So she accepted
it as it is and continue to lie wait.

<!-- more -->

A son was the second thing Ophius knew. Sometime in creation she had stumbled
on a person hailing from the Kingdom of Man. The person asked her of a favor,
to help him and Ophius who knew nothing of silence all but accepted such
request and grant the child her blessing, unknowingly making him her's. He
returned to which he came from, and through her blessing she gain understanding
of the world thanks to her son. She watches as her son pick up his sword to
slay evil, intrigued as her son help children to get to their mothers,
fascinated by his skill to capture reality to a medium, amused by the many
foolish deeds he had done, love by how warm the family he had created, and sad
when he had to depart at the dusk of his life.

She remember asking him if he still desire to stay. He said no, and she asked
why, not understanding his desire to depart what he had built. Like a filial
son her child answer, saying that's how life is. She doesn't understand but nod
her head still accepting the answer, before lovingly accept her son embracing
him with her crafted vessel just like how the mothers she saw did to their
child.

Friend was something she did not expected to experience, and the thing she
appreciated till this day. She remembered the day she came into contact with
the Land of the Dead, remember how annoying the enforcers to come to her so
brazenly. How much anger she felt when they dared to try to claim his son
because it is their right to govern the dead, how she despise them when her son
willingly go to with them in exchange of leaving her alone. She had wanted to
go on a rampage to go the Filthy Place and make them regret making her angry.
But before she did she was someone else had manage to done it in her place.

She remembered the first time she saw Her Friend. She remembered his
questioning look when he saw her, the caution and annoyed tone when he asked
her why she come, the brief anger he had when she told him of her son, the
brief pause he had when he flicker his gaze between her and the Filthy Place,
and the wide grin on his face when he thought of his crazy schemes, amused by
the distressed look on the Weird Girl when she saw the look on his face.

He then told her of his name, of who he is, the reason why they are here, and
offer her something she won't refuse. She can destroy anything she desire as
long as they do not bear his crest in exchange and leave the person sitting on
the throne for him in exchange he'll find her son and take him to her. She
accepted and that day the Land of the Dead was destroyed and a new one was
built on top of it.

It was also the day that she gained her first friend, that person who was
laughing, posing on the throne all the while beckoning her to come saying she
shouldn't be alone.

The thing she knew of was and doesn't wish to experience was sadness. That her
son will no longer be with her, accompanying her in that silent place where she
won't be bothered by other people like they used to,now that he's in charge of
a kingdom. She wanted to be angry, want him to not do it and stay with her
instead, but her love for her son was greater and in the end she accepted it.
She was about return when Her Friend stop her and told her to wait and enjoy
the party before she leave. It was sad, but fulfilling, and in the end it
remains one of most endearing memories of her life.

The thing that she knew of and is envious of her son was contentment. She
remembered how Her friend, The Demon Lord, ask her to come with him saying that
it'll probably be boring to be all alone in that silent place. She also
remembered him telling her that other people may start bothering her from now
on and said that rather than dealing them alone it'll be better if he was with
her as well.

She remembered she had asked him why not come with her then and he told her
that it's boring to be in there, on that silent place. She remember asking him
to clarify, and remembered him saying that it'll be better for you to
understand it. She was uncertain but came to accept it when she saw her son nod
his head and remembered of how content he was in the end of his life.

So she follow Her friend and from then on she gained more friend. She get to
know Weird Girl, and later on Weak Boy, and Loud Person and befriended them as
well. She get to have more children to care for, meeting more people both
pleasant and annoying and experience many more things.

The thing that Ophius, the Demon Lord of Isolation, desire the most is that she
won't be all alone anymore in the future now that she know all of these
wonderulf things.
