+++
title="Demon Lord of Madness"
date=2021-01-13

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Stories"]
tags = ["101 Demon Lords", "drabbles"]
[extra]
comments = true
+++

There are many things Walpurgis, the Demon Lord of Madness, questioned
throughout her entire life, all of them regarding the choices she made in life.
Would things be better if she had done that? What could she do to prevent the
disaster last week? Wouldn't it be better to tier her hair to the left side
yesterday? Why did she wait all this long to take a leave? But most
importantly, and the most the question she pondered everyday.

<!-- more -->

What the fuck was she thinking when she when gladly join that Bastard to rule
the Demon World?

Truly she must not be sane when she accepted he offer from The Bastard. A trick
must've been layed out before her, perhaps that Bastard had the Damned Thieving
Bird, Shax, or that Two-faced Arsehole, Dantalia, helped him back then by
rubbing her of her consciousness. Yes, that definitely happened, she didn't
know how but she knew he could do that just look at how many poor bastard that
mischievous arsehole had fallen victim to his mischievous schemes.

(Somewhere, the Demon Lord of Gambled Fortune, and the Demon Lord of Forbidden
Books felt injustice had been brought upon them).

A sigh pass as she looked at the stack of paper a frightened demon had brought
her. Ahh she must be making that face again, that face where she would go
through her Wicked Phase any moment. How unfair for a beauty such as her to be
brought often to her wicked phase almost on a daily basis, oh how the public
must've perceive her as a rotten women with how many cities she destroyed in
everyday in her endeavour to settle her ire.

But she wasn't at fault (she would've refused too had it been her fault,
everything that she done wrong is the result of that Lazy Bastard of a ruler),
besides they would not dared to shame her less they wish for the total
destruction of the Dark Kingdom governing system. Who else would take care of
the paperworks if not her? Marbas and Paimon could, but both the Bald Lion and
the Sweet Trap would conjured up an excuse the moment they saw the stacks of
paper. She entertained the idea of having Belial, that Burning Brute, to burn
all these papers but ultimately decided not to, she did decide this path of
life by herself.

She supposed it wasn't that bad compared to how it once was, when blood would
be spilled for the stupidest reason, when no one can truly take rest as it
would be the moment they die, when the whole of creation desire the death of
the demons. Compared to those trying and tiring times facing of these stacks of
papers are definitely the less tiring between the two.

A sigh passed her lips as he began her work, hard but not impossible unlike the
miracle The Demon Lord had done. Making friends with Spirit Kings and Divines,
Bringing peace to the Demon World, forcing the council to give up in their
endeavour to destroy the demons, creating a sactuary for those who needed.
Things that would be impossible to achive simply because of their existence as
demons that desire dominance against all other.

How ironic for The Demon Lord who brought prosperity turns out to be the least
demon like there is. She would've thought it would be Diablo, the Demon Lord of
Despair, who's powers alone managed to destroy legions of Constellations down
by a whim who would be the Ruler of the Dark Kingdom. Or Ophius, the Demon Lord
of Isolation who's existence cannot be understood so easily and who's power is
as enigmatic as her relationship with the The Forgotten Ones. Heck, even the
Neah, the Demon Lord of Salvation was more demon like than the Demon Lord, and
that Sacrificing Piece of Shit always sacrificed himself to protect others.

Anyone else would probably be a better ruler than the Lazy Bastard, except her.
For all her prowess, grace, intelligence, and authority she knew that she,
Walpurgis the Demon Lord of Madness who lead the Pillars of the Underworld
would never be fit to become a the Ruler of the Dark Kingdom. That's because
she's too hungup on stability, too worry about many things to make changes.

Which is why she was quite thankful when he willingly took on the mantle of The
Demon Lord, and was guilty for the burden she, Diablo, Ophius, Nea had placed
unto him unknowingly. To willingly chained himself and choose sides when he
doesn't want to, to suffer the weight of authority the of many demons, and to
bear the hatred and fear of others while saying it was because it's
interesting.

A knock came to the door, revealing a demon who brought _another stacks of
paper_. Well that was it. Fuck it, there's shits to destroyed and bitches to
kill.

(A scream got out as the courier demon saw the famed crazed eyes of the Demon
Lord of Madness and before long alarms were set out before the Dark Kingdom
announce the cities to be highly destroyed while the citizens are escorted to
the bunkers, a protocol that was brought out by the The Demon Lord when he
first came to rule. Something that has been regarded as the best decision to
have ever been made in his hundred years ruling the Demon World).
