+++
title="The Demon Lord"
date=2020-08-28

[taxonomies]
categories = ["Stories"]
tags = ["101 Demon Lords", "drabbles"]
[extra]
comments = true
+++

_The Demon Lord is the Demon World_

An explanation so little yet completely describe how the Dark Kingdom works.
Like an empire the Demon Lords hold authority and is responsible for the lives
of other demons. Unlike the empire of man however, the words and desire of The
Demon Lord is absolute. No demons be they young or old, feeble or strong would
deny the whims of The Demon Lord.

<!-- more -->

If The Demon Lord desire to save the enemy then every demon would give shelter
to their foes regardless of their grudge. If The Demon Lord desire the death of
a subject, then said demon would offer its head by their own regardless of the
reason. If The Demon World desire the destruction of an ally then the demons
would muster their strength and subjugate their friends regardless of their
affections.

Thus, it's no exaggeration to say _The Demon Lord is the Demon World_. For the
desire of The Demon Lord takes precedence above all else thus shaping the Demon
World itself.

It is unknown why the demons choose to follow The Demon Lord without question.
Some says it's because his presence give stability, some says it's because of
his overwhelming power, others says it's because of his character while a few
says it's because he's their friend. Whatever it is, it doesn't change the fact
that the demons are ruled by one being.

Such thing should've brought war, yet it didn't. The Demon Lord's
incomprehensible whims aside, it was to many surprises that many among the
council decline the option to annihilate the demon knowing that the demons are
united under one banner.

The Ruler of Water, Elequiness, oppose the notion with fervor saying that just
because that'll be unfair.

The Lord of Curse and Punishment, Eldrid, similar to his kin reject the notion
seeing how unjust it is.

The Lord of the Dead, Vildriz, choose to decline saying the souls of the fallen
would most likely be lost simply because of how many among the demons held
authority for the dead.

The Chief of the Eden renounce the notion saying that many kingdoms, including
the kingdom of man, shall be brought to ruin should they go to war with the Dark
Kingdom.

Many more choose to deny the notion all with various reasons, some reasonable
while other outrageous. But in the end the notion was rejected by a close
margin.

It was such an incomprehensible thing to happen, for the notion of destroying
demons to be rejected, but it did. Perhaps it was because of the potential lost
or how high the tension between each faction was at that time but one thing
remain clear.

The demons led by The Demon Lord would create waves that brought change the
whole of creation.
